welcome alpha nutrition TV your
supplement knowledge database I'm your
host Tanner max fredriksen and today
we're going to be talking about black
markets a dren hurling most women in the
fitness world are a little worried about
bulking or it if they exercise them
properly they're going to get those
unwanted muscle fibers growing too large
not looking for the attractiveness in
which they're at the gym for in the
first place with the correct
supplementation diet and workout you can
get the results you're looking for here
we're going to show you how black market
has a chain of product both cuts and for
females in this product they've taken
out the creatine factor we're going to
get away from that bulking we're gonna
get those desirable cuts that firm tone
look every woman that the gym is looking
for the first ingredient want to talk
about today is l-arginine want to be
able to decrease recovery time in
between workouts and also lower blood
pressure both short and long term which
is very beneficial to all of us and
third last but not least it can increase
sex drive within a woman the next
ingredient I want to talk to you about
today is beta alanine this ingredient is
going to help our body concentrate on
particular muscle fibers muscle groups
and the workouts are going to become
more beneficial for us what I'm talking
about is being able to do a workout
doing a certain work out and getting the
more results for that for the bicep for
malice for example instead of doing a
workout you know just burning calories
we want to get results when we're
working out we want our hard work to pay
off now this ingredient is going to help
us do so the next ingredient want to
talk to you about today is hoodia
gordoni now this is going to decrease
our appetite levels and it's going to
increase our rate of digestion about
doing that our metabolism is going to
increase it's very important because the
higher metabolism we have more calories
going to burn throughout the day we're
gonna be looking to cut we're gonna be
looking good that's what we're looking
for with adrenaline by black market the
last ingredient want to talk to you
about today is green tea extract ECG
it's going to increase our antioxidant
levels already within our body by doing
that for a woman we're going to be able
to decrease the rate in which we age
also we're going to be able to fight off
those harmful
diseases that can become very very
common with enough elderly / middle-aged
woman by doing that we're to be
healthier for a longer period of time
and our immune system is going to be
stronger all due to this very potent
ingredient green tea extract ECG just to
do a little recap on our product here
adrenaline by black market I just want
to tell you it's a very natural product
all women should be taking it it's going
to do things such as increase our
antioxidant levels how it's healthier
will short and long-term and we're not
going to get the bulking and the results
were not looking for we're going to the
gym as a woman you're gonna want to be
looking firm and tone this is exactly
what this product was designed to do and
I suggest it to all of you out there
looking at this video this has been
adrenaline by black market I'm your
supplement expert Tanner max fredriksen
I work for alpha nutrition and together
we'll get results for more in-depth
information on our product go ahead and
click on the link below do you have any
comments and or concerns go ahead and
drop a comment below we'll get back to
you as soon as we can also if you like a
custom video review of a product of your
choice drop the comment below let us
know who you are we'll get one on there
as soon as we can ASAP
okay the first product okay I'm doing
really good right now so i feel like i
was doing good and tell you i just
muffed up on that last note recovery
time with it way I bus what's gonna do
Bryson I forgot it also ooh okay